Adams, Sheryl
Secondary
sheryl.adams@ocdsb.ca
Amini, Siros
Secondary
siros.amini@ocdsb.ca
Anderson, Anthony
Leadership Team
anthony.anderson@ocdsb.ca
Auge, Ruth
Secondary
ruth.auge@ocdsb.ca
Bader, Reem
Secondary
reem.bader@ocdsb.ca
Barnabe, Maris
Secondary
maris.barnabe@ocdsb.ca
Barton, Jessica
Secondary
jessica.barton@ocdsb.ca
Baurenschmidt, Rebecca
Secondary
rebecca.baurenschmidt@ocdsb.ca
Baxter, Natalie
Office Assistant
natalie.baxter@ocdsb.ca
Beach, Joel
Intermediate
joel.beach@ocdsb.ca
Bechberger, Laura
Secondary
laura.bechberger@ocdsb.ca
Bedard, Stephane
Intermediate
stephane.bedard@ocdsb.ca
Bird, Jennifer
Secondary
jennifer.bird@ocdsb.ca
Birkinshaw, Gord
Secondary
gord.birkinshaw@ocdsb.ca
Bonnell, Cynthia
Educational Assistant
cynthia.bonnell@ocdsb.ca
Bortnowski, Andrea
Secondary
andrea.bortnowski@ocdsb.ca
Braaksma, Jennifer
Secondary
jennifer.braaksma@ocdsb.ca
Bratberg, Ian
Secondary
ian.bratberg@ocdsb.ca
Bridgstock, Lucy
Office Administrator
lucy.bridgstock@ocdsb.ca
Brushett, Kristopher
Secondary
kristopher.brushett@ocdsb.ca
Brydges, Michael
Secondary
michael.brydges@ocdsb.ca
Buck, Kyler
kyler.buck@ocdsb.ca
Secondary
Bulmer, Tyler
Secondary
tyler.bulmer@ocdsb.ca
Burke, Jackie
Office Assistant
jackie.burke@ocdsb.ca
Caap, Fredrik
Secondary
fredrik.caap@ocdsb.ca
Cameron, Emily
Educational Assistant
emily.cameron@ocdsb.ca
Carrier, Allison
Secondary
allison.carrier@ocdsb.ca
Carter, Jennifer
Secondary
jennifer.carter@ocdsb.ca
Chande, Dinu
Vice-Principal
dinu.chande@ocdsb.ca
Charron, NicoleM
Leadership Team
nicolem.charron@ocdsb.ca
Chong, Karen
Intermediate
karen.chong@ocdsb.ca
Cianci, Gina
Secondary
gina.cianci@ocdsb.ca
Clark, PatriciaM
Leadership Team
patriciam.clark@ocdsb.ca
Cleary, Emily
Secondary
emily.cleary@ocdsb.ca
Coates, Dave
Secondary
dave.coates@ocdsb.ca
Collins, Steve
Principal
steve.collins@ocdsb.ca
Cooley, Colleen
Secondary
colleen.cooley@ocdsb.ca
Creighton, Adrienne
Intermediate
adrienne.creighton@ocdsb.ca
Crilly, Brandon
Secondary
brandon.crilly@ocdsb.ca
Crosier, Valerie
Intermediate
valerie.crosier@ocdsb.ca
Cuffley, Jamie
Secondary
jamie.cuffley@ocdsb.ca
D'Alessandro, Frances
Secondary
frances.dalessandro@ocdsb.ca
Dailey, Kathleen
Secondary
kathleen.dailey@ocdsb.ca
Damjanschitz, Zsuzsanna
Secondary
zsuzsanna.damjanschitz@ocdsb.ca
Dash, Natalie
Secondary
natalie.dash@ocdsb.ca
Dawson, Alexander
Secondary
alexander.dawson@ocdsb.ca
Day, Bonnie
Secondary
bonnie.day@ocdsb.ca
Donovan, Gail
Library Technician
gail.donovan@ocdsb.ca
Ekbal, Fatimah
Multicultural Liaison Officer
fatimah.ekbal@ocdsb.ca
El-Affie, Dania
Educational Assistant
dania.el-affie@ocdsb.ca
Feres, Kerri
Intermediate
kerri.feres@ocdsb.ca
Ferguson, Carolyn
Intermediate
carolyn.ferguson@ocdsb.ca
Frampton, Lily
Secondary
lily.frampton@ocdsb.ca
Gauvreau, Corrine
Secondary
corrine.gauvreau@ocdsb.ca
Gavan, Melanie
Intermediate
melanie.gavan@ocdsb.ca
Gervais, Correy
Guidance Technician
correy.gervais@ocdsb.ca
Gilvear, Bradley
Intermediate
bradley.gilvear@ocdsb.ca
Gordon, Ellie
Secondary
ellie.gordon@ocdsb.ca
Guidi Mazzola, Maria
Secondary
maria.guidi.mazzola@ocdsb.ca
Hardiman, Katharine
Intermediate
katharine.hardiman@ocdsb.ca
Hill, Katherine
Secondary
katherine.hill@ocdsb.ca
Hillary, Laura
Secondary
laura.hillary@ocdsb.ca
Hillier, Nicholaus
Secondary
nicholaus.hillier@ocdsb.ca
Hobbs, Julie
Educational Assistant
julie.hobbs@ocdsb.ca
Hoekstra, Liane
Intermediate
liane.hoekstra@ocdsb.ca
Horner, Leigh Ann
Leadership Team
leighann.horner@ocdsb.ca
Howe, Robert
Secondary
robert.howe@ocdsb.ca
Hughson, Faye
Vice Principal
faye.hughson@ocdsb.ca
Inman, Gyro
Secondary
gyro.inman@ocdsb.ca
Irwin, Lisa
Intermediate
lisa.irwin@ocdsb.ca
Jarrett, Lynn
Educational Assistant
lynn.jarrett@ocdsb.ca
Jin, Lydia
Secondary
lydia.jin@ocdsb.ca
Johnstone, Laura
Teacher Librarian
laura.johnstone@ocdsb.ca
Jones, Tamara
Intermediate
tamara.jones@ocdsb.ca
Kappel, Graham
Secondary
graham.kappel@ocdsb.ca
Kelly, Meaghan
Secondary
meaghan.kelly@ocdsb.ca
Kelly, William
Secondary
william.kelly@ocdsb.ca
Kenyon, Tim
Secondary
tim.kenyon@ocdsb.ca
Kesner, Christopher
Secondary
christopher.kesner@ocdsb.ca
Kuzub, Jonathan
Intermediate
jonathan.kuzub@ocdsb.ca
Lapierre, Sandra-Dee
Educational Assistant
sandra-dee.lapierre@ocdsb.ca
Lecuyer, Adam
Guidance
adam.lecuyer@ocdsb.ca
Leduc, Mackenzie
Secondary
mackenzie.leduc@ocdsb.ca
Leger, Christine
Intermediate
christine.leger@ocdsb.ca
Lett, Stephanie
Secondary
stephanie.lett@ocdsb.ca
Lewkowicz, Bella
Secondary
bella.lewkowicz@ocdsb.ca
Lisak, Dubravka
Guidance
dubravka.lisak@ocdsb.ca
Lisk, Jared
Educational Assistant
jared.lisk@ocdsb.ca
Lypchuk, Andrea
Secondary
andrea.lypchuk@ocdsb.ca
Macedo-Windsor, Alexander
Secondary
alexander.macedo-windsor@ocdsb.ca
Manek, Pooja
Secondary
pooja.manek@ocdsb.ca
Marchildon-White, Anthony
Intermediate
anthony.marchildon-white@ocdsb.ca
Marquis, Francois
Intermediate
francois.marquis@ocdsb.ca
Massett, Alexandra
Secondary
alexandra.massett@ocdsb.ca
McDonald, Christopher
Secondary
christopher.mcdonald@ocdsb.ca
McGartland, Roisin
Secondary
roisin.mcgartland@ocdsb.ca
McGregor, Jessica
Secondary
jessica.mcgregor@ocdsb.ca
Miller, Amanda
Educational Assistant
amanda.miller@ocdsb.ca
Mitchell, Megan
Intermediate
megan.mitchell@ocdsb.ca
Mujembere, Bitahwa
Secondary
bitahwa.mujembere@ocdsb.ca
Murphy, Michael
Secondary
michael.murphy@ocdsb.ca
Nielsen, Christopher
Secondary
christopher.nielsen@ocdsb.ca
Nielsen, Jen
Intermediate
jen.nielsen@ocdsb.ca
Pirri, Jennifer
Intermediate
jennifer.pirri@ocdsb.ca
Plant, Geoff
Secondary
geoff.plant@ocdsb.ca
Port, Megan
Leadership Team
megan.port@ocdsb.ca
Poulin, Nicholas
Secondary
nicholas.poulin@ocdsb.ca
Prudhomme, Adam
Secondary
adam.prudhomme@ocdsb.ca
Richardson, Luke
Intermediate
luke.richardson@ocdsb.ca
Riley, Ruth	Assistant
Office Administrator
ruth.riley@ocdsb.ca
Robb, Alexander
Intermediate
alexander.robb@ocdsb.ca
Roller, Gordon
Secondary
gordon.roller@ocdsb.ca
Ross, KellyAnn
Intermediate
kellyann.ross@ocdsb.ca
Roundell, Jennifer
Secondary
jennifer.roundell@ocdsb.ca
Sammon, Michael
Secondary
michael.sammon@ocdsb.ca
Scheepers, Greg
Guidance
greg.scheepers@ocdsb.ca
Schnell, Alisha
Intermediate
alisha.schnell@ocdsb.ca
Schwarz, Nicole
Secondary
nicole.schwarz@ocdsb.ca
Sheppard, Steve
Secondary
steve.sheppard@ocdsb.ca
Sigmund-Scheepers, Kathy
Secondary
kathy.sigmund-scheepers@ocdsb.ca
Sleziak, Kathryn
Secondary
kathryn.sleziak@ocdsb.ca
Stackpole, Suzanne
Secondary
suzanne.stackpole@ocdsb.ca
Steiner, Kerry
Intermediate
kerry.steiner@ocdsb.ca
Steynor, Trevor
Educational Assistant
trevor.steynor@ocdsb.ca
Szebedinszky, Cheryl
Vice-Principal
cheryl.szebedinszky@ocdsb.ca
Taggart, Aaron
Intermediate
aaron.taggart@ocdsb.ca
Taggart, Christa
Intermediate
christa.taggart@ocdsb.ca
Tamminen, Barbara
Secondary
barbara.tamminen@ocdsb.ca
Tayler, Allyson
Secondary
allyson.tayler@ocdsb.ca
Thomas, Suzane
Secondary
suzane.thomas@ocdsb.ca
Thur, Heather
Secondary
heather.thur@ocdsb.ca
Torres, Stacie
Secondary
stacie.torres@ocdsb.ca
Trail, Heather
Secondary
heather.trail@ocdsb.ca
Valcov, Christiana
Secondary
christiana.valcov@ocdsb.ca
Vallati, Chris
Chief Custodian
chris.vallati@ocdsb.ca
Veitch, Jessica
Secondary
jessica.veitch@ocdsb.ca
Vennor, Angela
Intermediate
angela.vennor@ocdsb.ca
Virdee, Bundina
Secondary
bundinak.virdee@ocdsb.ca
Vlug, Katie
Secondary
katie.vlug@ocdsb.ca
Walker, KarenRuth
Secondary
karenruth.walker@ocdsb.ca
Wallace, Cameron
Intermediate
cameron.wallace@ocdsb.ca
Walter, Michelle
Leadership Team/Guidance
michelle.walter@ocdsb.ca
Watzenboeck, Nancy
Leadership Team
nancy.watzenboeck@ocdsb.ca
Williams, Jarrod
Intermediate
jarrod.williams@ocdsb.ca
Wilmshurst, Deborah
Secondary
deborah.wilmshurst@ocdsb.ca
Wilson, Joshua
Educational Assistant
joshua.wilson@ocdsb.ca
Wolff, Katharine
Secondary
katharine.wolff@ocdsb.ca
Wood, Cynthia
Leadership Team
cynthia.wood@ocdsb.ca